so all Israel was recorded by
genealogists and indeed they were
inscribed in the book of the kings of
Israel but Judah was carried away
captive to Babylon because of their
unfaithfulness and the first inhabitants
who dwelt in their possessions in the
cities were Israelites priests Levites
and the Nephilim now in Jerusalem the
children of Judah dwelt and some of the
children of Benjamin and of the children
of Ephraim and Manasseh uthai the son of
a my hood the son of a Murray the son of
Emery the son of Bain I of the
descendants of Pires the son of Judah of
the Shiloh Knights Isaiah the first born
and his sons of the sons of Zera juoh
and their brethren 690 of the sons of
Benjamin salut the son of McCallum the
son of Ho devaya the son of Hassan or I
benaiah the son of Joh Ella the son of
as I the son of McRae Michelin the son
of chef attire the son of ruin the son
of ab Naija and their brethren according
to their generations 956 all these men
were heads of her father's house in
their fathers houses of the priests
jedaiah Yahaira and Jacob Azariah the
son of Hilkiah the son of mashallah the
son of Zadok the son of mir AF the son
of a heightened the officer over the
house of God
adaiah the son of Jerome the son of
passion the son of Milcah J mayor sigh
the son of a do the son of Jesu the son
of mccollum the son of michelin earth
the son of
in
and their brethren heads of their
fathers houses 1760 they were very able
men for the work of the service of the
house of God of the Levites she mayor
the son of hash Shoop the son of Azraq
am the son of hash abaya
of the sons of Merari backpacker here
ash gala and mattaniah the son of Micah
the son of Zechariah the son of Asaph
Obadiah the son of shem Mayer the son of
Galya the son of jeju 'then and Bera
kaya the son of asa the son of Elkanah
who lived in the villages of the net
afar thoughts and the gatekeepers were
Shalem a cub Talman a hymen and their
brethren Shalem was the chief until then
they had been gatekeepers for the
council the children of Levi at the
Kings gate on the east
Shalom the son of curry the son of a
bias F the son of Korah and his brethren
from his father's house for kora heights
were in charge of the work of the
service gatekeepers of the tabernacle
their fathers had been keepers of the
entrance to the camp of the Lord and
Phineas the son of Eleazar had been the
officer over them in time past the Lord
was with him Zechariah the son of
Michelle Amaya was keeper of the door of
the tabernacle of meeting all those
chosen as gatekeepers were 212
they were recorded by their genealogy in
their villages
David and Samuel the seer had appointed
them to their trusted office so they and
their children were in charge of the
gates of the house of the Lord the house
of the tabernacle by assignment
the gatekeepers were assigned to the
four directions the east west north and
south and their brethren and their
villages had to come with them from time
to time for seven days for in this
trusted office were four chief
gatekeepers they were Levites and they
had charged over the chambers and
Treasuries of the house of God and they
lodged all around the house of God
because they had the responsibility and
they were in charge of opening it every
morning now some of them were in charge
of the serving vessels for they brought
them in and took them out by count some
of them were appointed over the
furnishings and over all the implements
of the sanctuary and over the fine flour
and the wine and the oil and the incense
and the spices and some of the sons of
the priests made the ointment of the
spices mattifier of the Levites the
firstborn of Shalem the kora Hite had
the trusted office over the things that
were baked in the pans and some of their
brethren of the sons of the kohathites
were in charge of preparing the
showbread for every Sabbath these are
the singers heads of the father's houses
of the Levites who lodged in the
chambers and were free from other duties
for they were employed in that work day
and night these heads of the father's
houses of the Levites were heads
throughout their generations they dwelt
at Jerusalem jio
a father of Gibeon whose wife's name was
may occur dwelt at Gibeon his firstborn
son was abdun then zur Kish Bale nur
Nadab ghido Ohio Zechariah and Nick
laughs and Mick laughs begat Shem ear
they also dwelt alongside their
relatives in Jerusalem with their
brethren Noah begat Kish Kish begat Saul
and Saul begat Jonathan Alka schewe AB
in adapt and Ishmael the son of Jonathan
was Mary Bale and Mary Bale begat Micah
the sons of Micah were Python Mallick
Terrier and a hands and a has begat
gerrae
gerrae forgot alum f as Mavis and
Zimride and Zimride begat Musa Moses
begat binya refer his son Eleazar his
son and a Zell his son and asel had six
sons whose names were these as we can
buckaroo
Ishmael she Araya Obadiah and Haman
these were the sons of a zone
[Music]